D: Hi Emanuel, I'm Dr. Smith. What brings you in today?

P: Hi, um, yeah, so I've been feeling really, really bad since yesterday. I was totally fine, and then bam, I got hit with this crazy fever. It's like 102 or 104, I think, and I'm just so wiped out. 

D: Alright, that sounds tough. When did the fever start exactly? 

P: Uh, it was yesterday afternoon. I was at work, and suddenly I felt super hot and just... off, you know? 

D: OK. And when you say you're feeling wiped out, can you describe that a little more? 

P: Yeah, um, I mean, I'm just bone-tired. Like, I can barely keep my eyes open, and everything feels like such an effort. 

D: OK, I see. Have you noticed if the fever is constant, or does it come and go?

P: It's pretty constant, I guess. It doesn’t really go away much. I’ve been taking some acetaminophen to try and bring it down, but it’s still there. 

D: OK, have you been taking any other medications?

P: Just the acetaminophen and, um, my sodium fluoride gel for my teeth. And I'm on penicillin for some gingivitis I've been dealing with. 

D: Alright, and, aside from feeling fatigued, have you felt generally unwell or anything else?

P: Uh, yeah, I just feel really wiped out. Like, I don't want to do anything. It's more than just the tiredness, it's like my whole body is just done with everything.

D: OK, and have you experienced any muscle aches or anything like that?

P: Oh yeah, definitely. My back and my thighs are killing me. It’s like this deep ache that just won’t quit.

D: When did those aches start? 

P: Kind of around the same time as the fever, I think. But they’ve been getting worse, I guess because I'm so tired. 

D: Alright, and is there anything that seems to make the muscle aches better or worse?

P: Um, not really. I mean, resting helps a little, but it doesn’t go away. Moving around makes it worse, for sure.

D: Got it. Have you noticed any changes in your sense of smell?

P: No, I don’t think so. Smell seems fine.

D: OK. How about any feelings of pressure or tightness in your chest?

P: No, nothing like that. Chest feels fine.

D: Alright, any issues with earaches or pressure there?

P: Nope, my ears are good, no problems there.

D: OK. Have you experienced any, um, difficulty with concentration or feeling cloudy in your thinking?

P: No, my mind's pretty clear. Just really exhausted, you know?

D: OK. And do you have any other conditions we should know about?

P: Uh, not really, just the gingivitis like I mentioned. Oh, and I haven't had a chance to update my meds lately. My situation's a bit hard with work and getting around since I don't have, you know, good transportation.

D: Sure, I understand. Are you working full-time right now?

P: Yeah, I am. But it’s been really hard with how I’m feeling.

D: I imagine. Have you been in contact with anyone else who’s been sick recently?

P: Not that I know of. I mean, nobody at work mentioned being sick, and I haven't been around many others.

D: OK, have you ever had your flu shot this season?

P: Yeah, I got mine a few months ago. 

D: Alright, and any allergies we should be aware of?

P: No, I don't have any allergies that I know of.

D: OK, thank you for that. Based on what you've described, this looks like a classic case of influenza. There's quite a bit of flu going around right now.

P: Really? I mean, I figured it might be something like that with how fast it came on.

D: Yes, it can be quite sudden. For now, I would recommend continuing with rest and keeping hydrated. You can continue taking the acetaminophen for the fever and aches. If it’s been within 48 hours since your symptoms started, we could consider an antiviral like Tamiflu.

P: Uh, yeah, it’s been just over a day, I think. So maybe that could help.

D: OK, we'll get you set up with that. If your breathing gets worse or if the fever doesn’t come down with medications, I want you to come back in, alright? Also, try to get someone to check in on you if possible, just to be safe.

P: Alright, I can do that. Thanks, doc.

D: You're welcome, Emanuel. Make sure to take it easy, and we’ll check in on how you're doing in a few days.

P: Okay, thanks. I'll do that.