D: Hi Adela, I'm Dr. James. How can I help you today?

P: Hi, um, so I'm just feeling really awful. I mean, everything hurts, especially my back and thighs, and I feel just completely wiped out. It all hit me so suddenly, and I got this really high fever out of nowhere.

D: OK, that sounds pretty rough. When did all of this start?

P: Well, I was perfectly fine yesterday, then, uh, this morning I woke up and it felt like I'd been hit by a truck. My fever shot up really fast too.

D: Alright, that must be uncomfortable. Do you know how high your fever has gotten?

P: Yeah, I checked it, and it was like 103 degrees. It just came on so fast.

D: OK, and how about those aches in your back and thighs—how would you describe them?

P: Uh, they're deep and constant. It's not like a soreness from exercise; it's more like this dull, aching pain that's just there all the time.

D: OK, and is there anything that makes those aches feel worse or better?

P: Not really. Um, I've tried lying down, but it doesn't make a difference. I haven't really taken anything for it yet.

D: Have you been able to take any medication, like acetaminophen or ibuprofen, for the fever or aches?

P: Um, no, I haven't taken anything yet. I've been meaning to get something but just haven't gotten around to it. I take some other stuff though, like my birth control, and I think there are a couple others like penicillin and, um, something with amoxicillin for, you know, previous things.

D: OK, thanks for letting me know about that. Now, besides the fever and muscle aches, you mentioned feeling wiped out. Can you tell me more about that?

P: Yeah, it's like I have zero energy. Even just coming here felt like a marathon. Like, I'm so tired, I just want to sleep all day.

D: OK, and have you noticed any headache or other symptoms?

P: Oh, right, yeah. I've got this really annoying throbbing headache. It's like this constant pressure right at the front of my head.

D: And how severe would you say the headache is on a scale from 1 to 10?

P: Uh, maybe like a seven? It’s pretty bad, but the fever and aches are kind of more annoying.

D: Got it. So it's constant and throbbing—does anything seem to make it better or worse?

P: I tried drinking some water, thinking maybe I was dehydrated, but it didn't really help. I just feel like I can't catch a break.

D: Alright, and have you experienced any chest tightness or pressure at all?

P: No, nothing like that.

D: Any loss of taste or smell that you've noticed?

P: No, I haven't lost those. Everything tastes and smells normal.

D: How about nausea or any stomach issues?

P: Nope, my stomach's been fine, surprisingly.

D: OK, and are there any allergies or other health conditions I should be aware of?

P: No allergies that I know of. I mean, I know I should probably go for a medication review soon, but haven't had any issues so far.

D: Alright. Have you been in contact with anyone who's been sick recently or anyone with similar symptoms?

P: Well, I work full-time, but I don't really hang out with many people outside of work. I try to keep to myself mostly, so no one I know of.

D: OK. Have you had your flu shot this year?

P: Uh, yeah, I got it done. Um, I try to get it every year, you know, just to be safe.

D: That's good. Do you smoke or have a history of smoking?

P: No, I've never smoked.

D: OK, thanks for answering all these questions. Based on what you're describing, it seems like this could be a case of influenza. There's quite a bit of it going around right now. 

P: Oh, that makes sense.

D: To manage your symptoms, I'd recommend taking acetaminophen or ibuprofen for the fever and aches. Make sure to rest and drink plenty of fluids. If this started just today, we might also consider starting an antiviral like Tamiflu, which can help reduce the severity and duration if it's taken early on.

P: Yeah, I think I'll do that.

D: And if you notice any worsening symptoms, especially difficulty breathing or if your fever doesn't go down despite medication, please come back or seek medical attention. We'll also want to schedule a follow-up to see how you’re doing. 

P: Sounds like a plan. Thank you so much, doctor.

D: You're welcome, Adela. Take care and feel better soon.